# Introduction

I wanted to learn about Django and I also wanted to get some experience using AWS Cloud9 but needed a good starting environment.   That led to the creation of this repo.   This repo contains the files associated with the Django polling tutorial that can be found at https://www.djangoproject.com/.  I decided to name this project, MyPollingCompany, hence the name "mpc." The repo currently supports the following platform: 

1. Amazon Linux 1 with the Cloud9 IDE on its own EC2 instance.

# Instructions for Amazon Linux 1 with the Cloud9 IDE on its own EC2 instance

1.  Create an AWS Cloud9 environment in its own instance, not an ssh instance.
2.  Open the environment.
3.  Go to the existing terminal window or open up a new bash window.
4.  cd $HOME/environment
5.  git clone "the https URL from github"
6.  cd mpc
7.  ./amazon_linux1_cloud9_setup.sh
8.  Follow the instructions displayed at the conclusion of the script.`
9.  When you are done, delete your AWS Cloud9 workspace so you no longer incur charges from AWS.

# Financial Considerations

There are costs for the AWS resources used by this repo.  You are responsible for all such costs.

# Notes

1. The files may contain multiple versions of content.  I did this so I could keep track of what changed throughout the tutorial.

2. I am usinmg MySQL for the backend.

# Security Considerations

1. This is a demo and is not built with strong security in mind.
2. The passwords are short and are generated with pwgen.
3. Passwords are used on command lines - a strong no no!
4. The Django secret key is generated by pwgen.

# Miscellaneous Files

1. Django.run - The AWS Cloud9 "runner" for Django.
2. requirements.txt - Used by "pip" to reinstall the required python modules.

# Attribution

1. The background image is from Kelli Tungay and came from https://unsplash.com/photos/RAVdOqWXPvg.
